But you don't learn You're still there baby
friend I think you come from tiktok and you don't
really understand what you mean I said that a
long
time ago I know what I mean but a long
time ago I'm really going to leave it with you now Of
course because there are people who still
think that I'm with a person
that I don't talk to For a long
time now I wish her the best may
God bless me but that's already Game Over
[ __ ] eh If someone suspects it
that is very Game Over a lot and the child
then in the name of K they will put it
so much so much so much so much it doesn't make
sense a month ago at first he came out a little
rude then he came out apologizing to his
audience and came to say something like
when it is clarified he would explain it or
whatever no and now it is being a great
month and let's hope it continues like this and that January
Continues to be cool February March April May
June well life is evolution
friend bad things happen you cross paths with
people but then those people leave but
people appear 700 million times
improve watch out for this eh this is a slap
eh